We fully understand the importance of user information to you and will do our best to protect the safety and reliability of your user information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and abiding by the following principles to protect your user information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of choice and consent, the least sufficient principle, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. . At the same time, we promise that we will take corresponding security protection measures to protect your user information in accordance with mature security standards in the industry.

Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using our products (or services).

 

1. How we collect and use your user information

      (1) Information we collect and use when you use our products or services

We will only collect and use your user information for the business functions described in this policy. The purpose of collecting user information is to provide you with products or services. You have the right to choose whether to provide this information, but in most cases, if If you do not provide it, we may not be able to provide you with corresponding services or respond to your problems:

       Camera-based functions: Used in products to answer questions, identify human head movements, Move your head to right ⇨ for giving TRUE answer to a sentence,
     Move your head to left ⇦ for giving FALSE answer to a sentence..
   For specific videos and details, please see: https://github.com/yosoybunal/FaceAnswer


We guarantee that the collected user information will be de-identified or anonymized in accordance with the law. Information that cannot identify a natural person alone or combined with other information does not constitute personal information in the legal sense. If we combine non-personal information with other information to identify you personally, or use it in combination with your personal information, we will treat such information as your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy during the combined use period. Process and protect.

In order to better operate and improve our technology and services, or due to changes in business strategies, when the collection, use, and processing of user information required for the products or services we provide exceed the above scope or the collected user information is to be used for For other purposes not specified in this Privacy Policy, or when we want to use the information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will notify you within a reasonable period after obtaining the user information or before processing the user information, and obtain Your authorization and consent.

 

(2) Exceptions with authorization and consent

Please understand that in accordance with laws, regulations and relevant national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization to collect and use your user information in the following situations:

1. Directly related to national security and national defense security;

2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;

3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;

4. To protect your or other individuals’ life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests but it is difficult to obtain your consent;

5. Your user information collected is disclosed to the public by you;

6. Your user information collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;

7. Necessary to sign or perform a contract at your request;

8. Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of software and related services, such as discovering and handling faults in software and related services;

9. The personal information controller is a news organization and it is necessary for it to carry out legal news reporting;

10. If it is necessary for an academic research institution to conduct statistical or academic research based on public interests, and when providing externally the results of academic research or descriptions, the personal information contained in the results will be de-identified.

11. Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.

 

2. How we use cookies

If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this application will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use this application platform services or functions that rely on cookies. This application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services.

  You have the option to accept or refuse cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the network services or functions of this application that rely on cookies.

This policy will apply to relevant information obtained through cookies set by this application.

 

 

3. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your user information

(1) Sharing

We will not share your user information with any other company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:

1. Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your user information with other parties.

2. We may share your user information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, or in accordance with the mandatory requirements of government authorities.

3. Sharing with our affiliated companies: Your user information may be shared with our affiliated companies. We will only share necessary user information and subject to the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If affiliated companies want to change the purpose of processing user information, they will ask for your authorization and consent again.


 

(2) Transfer

We will not transfer your user information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:

1. Transfer with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your user information to other parties;

2. When mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidations are involved, if user information is transferred, we will require the new company or organization that holds your user information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will require the company or organization to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Re-ask for your authorization and consent.

 

(3) Public disclosure

We will only publicly disclose your user information under the following circumstances:

1. After obtaining your explicit consent;

2. Disclosure based on law: We may publicly disclose your user information when required by laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or mandatory requirements from government authorities.

 

(4) Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing information

Please understand that in accordance with laws, regulations and relevant national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization to share, transfer, or publicly disclose your user information in the following circumstances:

1. Directly related to national security and national defense security;

2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;

3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;

4. To protect your or other individuals’ life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests but it is difficult to obtain your consent;

5. Information that you disclose to the public on your own;

6. Collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.

 

4. How we protect your user information

(1) We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no irrelevant user information is collected. We will only retain your user information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless an extension of the retention period is required or permitted by law.

(2) The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and emails, instant messaging, and communication with other users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send user information through such methods.

(3) The Internet environment is not 100% safe, and we will try our best to ensure the security of any information you send us. Even if we make great efforts and take all reasonable and necessary measures, we may still be unable to prevent your user information from being illegally accessed, illegally stolen, illegally tampered with or destroyed, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests. Please understand the above risks of information networks and bear them voluntarily.

(4) After an unfortunate user information security incident occurs, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, and the measures you can take to prevent and control your own information. Recommendations for reducing risks, remedial measures for you, and more. We will promptly notify you of the incident-related information through emails, letters, phone calls, push notifications, etc. When it is difficult to inform user information subjects one by one, we will issue announcements in a reasonable and effective manner. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of user information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.

 

 

5. How to update this policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes in this policy, on our website and where we deem appropriate so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access this information, and at what point We will disclose this information under certain circumstances.

 

The Company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. If there are any major changes to this policy, the company will notify you through a website notification.

Party discloses its personal information, such as contact information or postal address. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially the user name and password of this application, please contact the customer service of this application immediately so that this application can take corresponding measures.
